Restructuring container docs (#886)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: _uw-research-computing/software-overview-htc.md

> When we talk about building or moving or distributing a container, we're actually talking about the file(s) that constitute the container. 
> When a container is "running" or "executed", the container image is used to create the run time environment for executing the programs installed inside of it.

### Why use containers? 

We recognize that learning about containers is its own challenge! However, we have found 
in the long run, that containers provide the best long-term user experience when running 
jobs in CHTC, including: 

- a consistent environment no matter what computer your job runs on
- a consistent environment with stable software versions (good for reproducibility)
- ability to fully customize the software installation

Our goal is to make finding or building your container as easy as possible, so you 
can have most of these benefits, without too much pain. 

### Using containers on CHTC

If you have a container, adding it to your job is easy! It's just one more line 
in the submit file. The challenge is usually getting a container that has what you need. 
There are typically two ways of doing so: 

1. Find an existing container 
1. Build your own container image

> If building your own container, the process will include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Find an existing container image

TBD: guidance on finding useful, trusted container images online.

#### Build your own container image

To build your own container, the process will include: 
```
